## habits to cultivate


- devote thirty minutes or more each day to self-education or self-improvement reading
  - biographies of successful people, 
  - self-help or personal development, and 
  - history.

- aerobically exercise 30 minutes or more every day

- hang out with individuals who are goal-oriented, optimistic, enthusiastic, and who have an overall positive mental outlook
  wish people a happy birthday
  call to say hello
  call when a life event happens
  network
  volunteer
  participate in "a business group or weekly calls with people who share their same interests

- define your own goals and pursue them relentlessly and passionately.

- get up early to tackle the top three things you want to accomplish in your day

- develop at least 3 streams of income.

- find and check in with mentors

- help others succeed.

- master rules of etiquette principles
  - sending thank-you notes
  - acknowledging important life events, such as a wedding or birthday
  - eating politely and using table manners
  - dressing properly for various social events

- dedicate 15 to 30 minutes a day to just thinking.
  - topics include careers, finances, family, health, problems, and business relationships.


## an audience

- passionate about self-expression

- “I like buying stuff when I know the creator. It’s way more exciting and way more fun.”

- "we create content, remix culture & question established narratives"

- care deeply about ethical consumption

- are set to change the world with their optimism and ambition

- the ambitious, engaged, sensible child

- self-starters, not selfie-takers

- has grown up being constantly served enormous amounts of information

- accustomed to quickly filtering through everything and determining what is relevant to them.

- capture their attention quickly

- want to be able to engage with the brands in much the same way as they engage with their friends, by chatting and communicating online.

- idolize  bloggers and vloggers for being real and giving honest opinions

- want their jobs to impact the world

- are concerned about humanity’s impact on the planet
 
- sharing only specific stories to specific people on specific social channels

- intimacy and anonymity

- entrepreneurial nature and their extremely high expectations

- authenticity and transparency is more important than ever
