The first step to first jhana is cease akusula thinking and replace with kusala thinking. 
The second step is to reduce the volume of kusala thinking. 

https://discourse.suttacentral.net/t/the-role-of-vitakka-and-vicara-in-the-1st-jhana/6232/12


> "Then, that unbound bundle of bad-ass roared like a lion:
Birth is destroyed! Eat my dust Mara! You're my subservient lap dog now."
And John Doe became another one of the Arahants.

https://discourse.suttacentral.net/t/a-very-serious-dilemma/3018/6

the important thing for me is, what ajahn dtun, ajahn maha boowa, ajahn mun were practicing and teaching as the essentials of the path. it matches exactly the sutta passages of the EBT that i consider the most important and indispensable parts . walk+sit 6pm-10pm. lie down in lion posture and resolve and wake at 2am. walk and sit till 6am. the rest of the day some chores need be done, alms, clean up, and free time walk and sit. mindfulness 24/7. mindfulness of death. 31 body parts. 9 stages of corpses. ajahn mun warning his disciples not to spend too much time in appana samadhi. ajahn mun did metta 3 times a day. the hours of day his awareness were so alert and sharp his disciples who had divine eye could never find a time he was not alert. for example, when they used their divine eye to check up on mun's citta, they always found ajahn mun looking right back them with his divine eye knowing what was going on. the way they put up with tigers, shivering all night in the forest when it rained, every detail just seems to be straight out of the suttas. etc... i could gush all day about how awesome ajahn and his tree of disciples are.

https://discourse.suttacentral.net/t/was-ven-maha-boowa-an-arahant-and-why/3416/25

